Upgrade check-spelling to v0.0.25 (#15577)
PowerDNS/pdns: pdns/dnsdistdist/docs/changelog.rst

    :pullreq: 4859
    :tickets: 4857

>     Change ``truncateTC`` to defaulting to off, having it enabled by default causes a compatibility with :rfc:`6891` (Robin Geuze).

Reviewer: I think the real meaning would be:
```suggestion
    Change ``truncateTC`` to defaulting to off, having it enabled by default causes an incompatibility with :rfc:`6891` (Robin Geuze).
```

Author: Thanks. I should have called that out when I saw it...
